Add an initial Hacktoberfest page (#56)
gradle/community: docs/events/README.md

### Hacktoberfest

[Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.com/) is a month-long celebration of open-source projects, their maintainers, and the entire community of contributors.
Many component maintainers from the Gradle ecosystem, e.g. the
[Gradle plugin for Jenkins](https://plugins.jenkins.io/gradle),
already include their projects in Hacktoberfest.

In 2024, we plan to participate as an organization,

> and to offer nice special-edition swag to the key contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and to offer special-edition swag to lucky participants.
```

Author: No luck involved there

> ## Be Informed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Stay Informed
```
